You don't want to please me?
I'm not the one who is still the guy who lives.
I think I'm not the guy who lives, I'm not the one who lives.
I'm the one who lives.
Do you?
I'm not the one who lives.
I say I'm the one who lives.
I'll be the only one who lives.
You're too.
Like, the only one who lives just doesn't have your life.
I will be the one who lives just doesn't have your life.
You want to find yourself out easily.
You need more help.
to be filled with eternal death.
What do you think it's about your credentials?
I'm the only one, to my own everything.
It is possible to have the one that will be out of time,
to make hope of the world.
It is possible, and to the people from the community.
Before the world passes,
I have no consequences to be here.
which is why we're not getting into this situation.
But we know that we're not only asking the citizens the truth,
it's about the freedom of our lives,
so this will be the most important part of the experiment.
We are still thinking about the tools that we find being done.
But as we say, we are also thinking about the ability to build the world.
We know that we're not going to be able to build a planet.
But we don't have any more opportunities to be able to build it.
It's a difficult connection.
How can women see this?
I can't think of the two in my own life.
And in this moment, it's perfect.
It's beyond a fine thing.
I'm very smart with my own love.
I'm glad you're here.
But don't you want to be so familiar?
I'm not alone, but I'm not alone with everyone.
Hahahahaha...
is that I have a look who tells me that I've been to the hotel since he was born
of the age of 167
that, but if I go here to the city
there are no people working and living.
so I also have a lot of money to work on,
I believe that I have a money to work with.
That's it!
We have to pay for it!
Do you want to come?
Yeah, still.
Do you want to come join us again and sit with us here?
What would you say to me?
We don't want to make good money.
Do you want to come here and send a penny to the city?
No, there's no money to come here.
That's it!
It's not just my desire.
It's just toates.
The people that I have,
yes, are just not very good!
I'm not sure they're connected.
No it is a combination of the two.
I can't be with my singing.
This is the Academy of the Academy.
How do you know?
You know how to speak this language.
I'm doing this with my observatory,
and you take it all from the competency of the online program.
I've had well enough time and I always thought
that I'd be there to say that I was here
that's a song that you can't catch earlier.
And that's the studio's essay.
Whenever I'm a seemser, I'm a very good dancer.
So you can't do this, I'm so happy.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'll be canceled.
I've got to take the moment and I'll come back.
Thank you very much.
I'm the most proudest of you.
I'll go and dance.
The elegance here, you
perform the conosimiento de los conceptos architectón y cós.
Relmente esto y empeciónado.
Dr. Radisson,
sus palabras de los hosimifícan mucho para me.
I esta competencia dura, pero.
Relmente creven mi di señor.
Bueno que,
yo bueno uni menso potentialente.
I esta ría di espo esto recommendar personalmente su trabajo comite.
Me ría eso recommendo elo por túnida de prospera.
Me su quieras de que decir.
Gracias, muchas gracias.
¿Aora de la inte,
y lesenerias tu yo?
¿O la todos?
Muchas gracias por béníroi.
Mi nombres que te lincóx, y oi.
¿O lo y percentami?
¿Preacto tido lada?
¿Oja cosmico?
¿E muchas gracias a todos por bénir?
¿E es pero que tús una nono chincraívela?
Muchas gracias a todos.
¿No por día verlo acho sinti?
¿Oora de su trabación GaradésVIDEO?
¿O ¿Oja en hookedicycle?
¿O globe día de prospera.
¿Oso un ton día de trails?
¿Oja yo y Operatoroob?
¿Oce case y oj rigaro?
¿Ocibrando?
¿OMBRES Agents Lo go nombres yíevil Asenas?
¿Y un Que es al le Una,
¿Denga Bowl plans?
¿á enando de los l expansores?
But until now, we have to see the future of the world.
This is one of the most unexpected problems of the world.
We have to look at the world's most important problems.
We have to see the future of the world's world.
But what did you do?
We have to look at the world's most important problems.
We have been here for a long time.
I have a friend who's going to the world's world.
When my parents are gone, I am going to die.
I do not have any of the enemies in my life,
but with the money.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die,
and I'm going to die.
and die,
Yes, that's right.
It's just funny.
And I don't care.
You know this country.
No.
Poor students, huh?
I don't care.
My parents have discussed this in many technicals
You are not my best friend.
I am not your son.
I don't care.
I'm my best friend.
Not your best friend.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in the next video.